---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vtb_sync_xpert_connector Resource - terraform-provider-vtb"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# vtb_sync_xpert_connector (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "vtb_sync_xpert_connector" "test" {
  order_id = vtb_sync_xpert_cluster.testd.order_id
  name              = "pg-soub-da-baza-baza2"
  database = {
    hostname          = "dasoub-pgc159lk.corp.dev.vtb:5432,dasoub-pgc158lk.corp.dev.vtb:5432"
    name              = "baza"
    user              = "debezium"
    password          = "your_super_secret_password_for_technical_user"
    include_list      = "dbzm"
    include_list_type = "schema.include.list"
    publication_name  = "pub_dbzm"
    slot_name         = "slot"
  }
  ssl = {
    mode = "disable"
  }
  heartbeat = {
    action_query = "insert into hb_debezium.hb_table (id) values (1)"
    interval_ms  = 60000
    topic_prefix = "debezium-heartbeat"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `database` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--database))
- `heartbeat` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--heartbeat))
- `name` (String) The human-readable name of the connector
- `order_id` (String) The ID of SyncXpert cluster order.
- `ssl` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ssl))

<a id="nestedatt--database"></a>
### Nested Schema for `database`

Required:

- `hostname` (String) List (via commas) of the PostgreSQL server cluster in the format `address:port`
- `include_list` (String) List (via commas) of regular expressions.
- `include_list_type` (String) List included in tracking - there are 2 types available to choose from: `schema.include.list` and `table.include.list`
- `name` (String) The name of the database from which the data changes will be transferred
- `password` (String) PostgreSQL database user password to connect to the database
- `publication_name` (String) The name of the PostgreSQL publication created to stream changes when using the pgoutput plugin.
- `slot_name` (String) The name of the PostgreSQL logical replication slot that streams data changes to the Debezium connector.
- `user` (String) PostgreSQL database user name to connect to the database


<a id="nestedatt--heartbeat"></a>
### Nested Schema for `heartbeat`

Optional:

- `action_query` (String) Request that is made for heartbeat. Default to: insert into hb_debezium.hb_table (id) values (1)
- `interval_ms` (Number) Heartbeat operation frequency. Default to: 60000
- `topic_prefix` (String) The final topic name will be <heartbeat.topics.prefix>.<topic.prefix>. Default to: debezium-heartbeat


<a id="nestedatt--ssl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ssl`

Required:

- `mode` (String) Whether to use an encrypted connection with PostgreSQL or not.

Optional:

- `cert` (String) Full path to the client certificate.
- `key` (String) Full path to the client certificate key file.
- `password` (String) Client certificate password.
- `root_cert` (String) Certificate of a trusted CA.


